# Survey of World Religions
## Film Report Sheet

### Jake Searle
### Section 11, M/W @ 2PM
### Film Subject: Taoism

What is your personal religious tradition?
- I am LDS and was raised so.

1: How would you describe this faith’s approach to spirituality? (i.e., Did there seem to be a focus on developing spirituality in this tradition? If so, how—from what you heard or saw—would you say practitioners of this tradition achieve spirituality?)
  - I think that the way that this person develops his spirituality is very much through the use of logic and reason, much more than the other religions we’ve studied so far. I just think that the way that they approach scripture more as... academic writings (if that makes sense?), as something that they study but don’t hold as absolute.

2: What element of this religion most reminds you of your own faith, & why?
  - I think I’m really reminded of my own faith when they talk about they talk about the ordinance that they have when the join the faith. I think that this reminds me of my own faith because of the baptism ordinance which we have in our faith.

3: What element of this religion seems the furthest from your own faith, & why?
  - I think that in relation to my own faith, this man’s view on scriptural canon I just find difficult to relate to, just because of his sort of non-commital-ness to these being definitive texts. I don’t know what it is.

4: What do you find most attractive about this religion, & why?
  - What I find really attractive in this religion is the concept of wuwei, or sort of a “go with the flow” mentality. And I think that In my own faith, people can just be so focused on what they need to *do* instead of what they need to become or their mindset towards difficult situations.
